Miss
So pretty lady, that's enough to surpass peanuts
We found the uncle
What goes beyond peanuts and what finds the uncle?
I heard it all. I'm past that peanut
You recognize yourself.
If you don't want to get married, just let me go?
Well, no.
If I let others know that I personally
Break the assessment rules
What will Qingguo think of me then?
The Li family will also become the laughing stock of the whole world
Fuck you really want to marry me, you dream
You don't want to marry me, you don't want to die
I have a way to get the best of both worlds
How?
Let me go first
You can announce first that I have completed the assessment
To be your husband
Then I ran away under the guise of going back to prepare
You can chase me in two days.
Then release the news that it has nothing to do with you that I ran away from marriage
What if you get caught?
Are you stupid?
You can come to me in person.
Can I be caught by then?
It's not up to you
What to do
Then wish us a happy cooperation in advance.
OK
Hahaha, looking for a fight, ah, wrong, wrong, wrong.
Do you think it is possible?
Does this kid really have a chance to take down this female devil?
It's not that I despise him for being nameless.
The chaos in the previous dynasty of Xinguo was a war fought for decades
Those legacies of Huasheng?
Long ago drowned in the flames of war
Without inheritance, what can he do to surpass Huasheng?
Yes, what does he surpass?
To rely on is to die
You can't hold out too much hope
Why don't we go celebrate?
I managed to avoid disaster again today
Walk like silk
Hey
That's a good idea. Go, go, go, go, go.
Go go go go go
Hey, it's out, it's out
Oops, let's send this beautiful ghost first, eh?
From now on
Nameless is the order of this lady